I neta went to 1 and the news slowly
An exciting work appeared in the long-awaited Monhan series
What a mother and a boy what a movie This is the mother of Capcom finally making a movie
Cha ah ah ah calm is the monster in Tokyo on April 12, 2015
Hunter Festa 15
It is said that the final tournament was held then this monster
The hunter stories have been announced and will be released in 2016
Hey overview I wear Taiyo at launch models 3ds ds genre Kana a whopping
Nanana what I wish Oh A'
rpg rpg rpg rpg rpg rpg
rpg meet you
The same fellow what Nokka' to Rioreusu was enemy until now in each now of the public image sorry
It is set to fight with Tygalex. This is a new idea
I'm getting rid of the hunters, and the hunter ranks to clear the quests.
Fight even stronger monsters to receive the urgent quest
What is this flow
You can also fight the same enemy, but if it is also rpg, the enemy you fought once will come out again
Not
It seems that there is an enemy that fights after a long time on the story and there is new fun
Even people who have stopped Monhan around 2nd g due to genre conversion
May I start doing it
It's a monster hunter story
And paste them into a public video link video summary column of FIG.
As I put the reference url of the reference source of today's news item in the video summary column below
Look
In it we come to play also was a story image and news in such things everyone goodbye
Subscriptions make it easy to see the latest videos
Please register